CHANGELOG_PENDING: update changelog for changes to American spelling (#6100)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

  - [rpc/client/http] \#6022 Change `timeout` type to `time.Duration` in `NewWithTimeout`
  - [light] \#6054 Move `MaxRetryAttempt` option from client to provider.
    - `NewWithOptions` now sets the max retry attempts and timeouts (@cmwaters)

>   - [beheavior/libs] \#6077 Change spelling from british english to american (@cmwaters)

Reviewer: looool

```suggestion
  - [all] \#6077 Change spelling from British English to American (@cmwaters)
```
